(All characters, organizations, locations,)
(and incidents in this drama are fictitious.)
(Episode 13)
He pretended to be confident,
but he looks nervous.
He looks very scared.
Mr. Choi.
Director Cha is behind all this.
(Don't hold the press conference.)
Noo Ri.
When did you wake up?
What are you doing?
It's nice to meet you.
I'm the brother of Juhan Air Flight 801's...
co-pilot, Kim Bum Joon.
I'm Kim Min Joon.
Mr. Choi, don't hold the press conference.
Don't turn on the black box. Just leave.
This is Noo Ri.
Director Cha is meeting my father.
They'll dump it on Mr. Kim and you.
Director Cha is behind all this.
Kim Bum Joon's brother!
You jerk.
Hey, you.
Don't you dare say another word.
Today at 11am,
the press conference of the JH Flight 801...
co-pilot's brother...
was stopped due to...
an interruption by a man.
The man is identified as Mr. Choi who had lost...
a family member on JH Flight 801.
He attacked Mr. Kim standing behind a podium.
Security guards stopped him...
and pulled him out of the press conference.
Mr. Kim, the brother of JH Flight 801 co-pilot,
has raised issues regarding...
JH Flight accident.
He was expected to give the full story...
during the press conference.
I'm sorry.
Why should you be?
What did you do wrong?
Pardon me?
Look how awkward he looks.
He's so tense.
One man is acting as a victim,
and the other as an assailant.
Doesn't it look funny?
Dad.
Good job, Hong Joo.
No matter how much they bark,
no one will listen to them.
They probably realized it by now.
Mr. Gebauer. Since you're German, you must...
not know how serious blackmailing is in Korea.
Blackmailing?
Do you have proof?
On various websites,
related articles are published as a headline.
You went to see Lee Young Ho at Juhan Air.
I'll sue Juhan Air and expose everything.
You blackmailed that you'll file a lawsuit.
You called Lee Young Ho to pressure him...
for a meeting with the vice president.
You said you'll call me after thinking over.
You haven't called me yet.
If it's okay with you,
I'll see you at JH tomorrow.
I'd like to meet Vice President Joo.
Since they didn't do what you asked,
you created a mess at the press conference.
It's considered as obstruction of business...
and threat.
You can be sentenced up to five years for...
business obstruction and three years for threat.
Even if you get probation, you can be deported.
I didn't blackmail him.
Listen.
Lee Young Ho quit working at JH...
without doing what you asked him to do.
That's why you accused him of stalking and murder.
Mr. Gebauer.
You found me alone at a restaurant yesterday...
and accused me of being a murderer.
It's really strange.
If you're a lawyer,
you must've passed a bar.
You probably have a lot of money too.
But why would you keep murdering people?
You killed Ko Jin Chul,
and you tried to kill me twice too.
Why did you do that?
By any chance,
are you a psychopath?
Listen, Mr. Gebauer.
Like your brother,
you must also have a mental problem.
Wasn't the pilot depressed or something?
Go to a hospital before you turn out like him.
Watch what you say, Detective.
Mr. Choi.
What you've done is worse.
You illegally copied the memory board...
of the flight's black box,
and showed it to the chief of Prosecutors' Office.
What makes you act so recklessly?
Detective.
Did you listen to the original file?
The original?
What you claim to be the original?
- How can I believe that? - Detective.
How can I?
He's delusional and guilty of blackmailing.
This guy forged evidence.
How can I trust a group of criminals?
You punk.
Don't you know about presumed innocence?
Do a fair investigation.
What did you say?
How dare you?
All of you are on the same team, right?
What's your name and social security number?
Park Soon Jung.
790128.
- 1648... - Soon Jung.
Kang Woo.
Darn it.
He could be sentenced to five years.
I could be sentenced to 10 years for false evidence.
Is that right?
Lawyer Lee Young Ho?
You know very well, Mr. Choi.
Cha Hong Joo got us.
That's not true, Mr. Choi.
It was me who forged evidence.
I copied it.
- Hey. - Detective.
It was all done by me.
Stop it.
It was all done by me,
so please call the embassy of Germany.
- Call the consul. - Kim Min Joon.
Please call the embassy of Germany.
Please call the consul.
Why are you taking every blame?
It's a give-and-take.
Last time you took it upon yourself...
when the prosecution arrested you.
So it's my turn this time.
This time, it's a different scale.
They fabricated the proof.
No.
They didn't make it.
I did.
I should've listened to you.
You told me to stay low and do nothing.
But I ran around and got caught.
I'll take all the punishment.
If you get deported,
you can never return.
I won't come back.
It's no big deal.
Your brother is here.
You're right.
He'll stay here forever.
As the murderer who crashed the plane.
Where are you going?
Why would you meet with Director Cha?
I can't just do nothing.
Are you going to beg her?
She won't cut you any slack.
In any case, I should talk to her.
Ms. Jang. Hey, Ha Ri.
(Vice President Joo Hyun Ki)
Vice president of JH Group?
Yes, that's me.
Right?
JH's previous legal affairs manager?
Yes, Vice President Joo.
Vice President Joo.
Hi.
It's nice to see you here.
You're glad to see me too, right?
- Am I? - I'm sure you are.
Mr. Choi Kang Woo here...
and Mr. Gebauer over there.
Please release them.
Well... The charges are clear.
No, they aren't.
Mr. Gebauer is probably charged with...
obstruction of business and blackmail.
He has never obstructed...
JH's business...
nor blackmailed us.
Mr. Jan Gebauer lost his brother.
He told us of his sad and pitiful story,
so we were having a respectful...
and courteous conversation.
But...
the ex-legal affairs manager...
who quit his job...
didn't know what was going on...
and reported an innocent person.
Is Mr. Choi charged with forging proof?
Did he forge this?
Yes, he did.
No.
He didn't forge it. He copied it.
I asked him to make a copy.
Right, Mr. Choi?
Is that so?
Of course.
You made a copy according to my order.
That doesn't count as forging evidence.
Isn't that right, sir?
Well, yes.
Release Mr. Choi and Mr. Gebauer now.
What are you doing, Vice President Joo?
What do you think?
I'm releasing you and taking my stuff back.
Can't I take this?
Is he...
Here to take the original black box?
Detective.
The proof of an ongoing case...
What do you mean by that?
I, Vice President of JH Group,
said I was never blackmailed.
I'm the owner of this item,
and I ordered Mr. Choi.
What more is there to be investigated?
Conclude the case...
and return my stuff to me.
Lawyer Lee Young Ho.
Is it illegal for an owner...
to take his things back?
There is no problem.
Give me...
the original black box.
Mr. Choi.
Thank you.
Good work.
(Mad Dog: Show)
I heard your son woke up.
That's good news.
Goodness.
I never thought you'd ask...
about him first.
I heard he rained on someone's parade.
Rain stops after sometime.
I handed over what your daughter wanted,
so I'll take what was promised.
Are you talking about the time when you...
pressured Ministry of Land and Transport...
to increase JH Group's number of flights?
I'll erase it clean...
for your son's sake.
Get rid of 801 completely.
It's too good to just get rid of.
It could be the wings...
to take you to the Blue House.
We shouldn't get rid of it.
There are too many risk factors.
Joo Hyun Ki...
is furious.
Send him away.
You can enter...
the Blue House after getting rid of him.
Yes.
Okay.
Goodness.
It looks like...
you'll get sent away first.
(Young Ho)
Answer it.
What's the matter?
Any news of Noo Ri?
He was moved to a different hospital.
But I don't know which one...
Nurse Oh said she'd find out.
I asked my friends to look into it.
I'm sorry. It's all because of me.
Why is that because of you?
It's not like that.
It's nice to meet you.
I'm the brother of Juhan Air Flight 801's...
co-pilot, Kim Bum Joon.
I'm Kim Min Joon.
There was a press interview...
of the brother of Juhan Air Flight 801's...
co-pilot Kim Bum Joon at 11am today.
Mr. Kim was expected to...
raise suspicion regarding...
the crash of the JH Flight 801,
but the press interview was interrupted...
suddenly by a victim's family.
Mr. Kim has protested...
in front of JH head office...
that his brother's death was...
an industrial accident,
and he was denounced by public outcry.
Next news...
Ma'am. I'm going to change the channel.
An unknown donor...
donated 100,000 dollars to a charity.
You know the co-pilot had 3.4-million payout.
He's doing that after getting all the money.
He went to JH to threaten them...
to get more money, not to protest.
I heard he was adopted and sent to Germany,
and he was a delinquent there.
Those brothers are both crazy.
That's not true.
So don't mind them.
It is true.
I am a scammer.
I scammed you.
What are you looking at?
Just keep drinking.
Soju tastes bitter.
I'll get going first.
Mr. Kim.
Eat before you leave.
I'm tired. I'll go to sleep.
Mayday, mayday.
Jeju Tower, respond!
What's going on?
Pull up. Go around!
Pull up!
Bum Joon.
I'm sorry.
I ruined everything.
I know you got the black box footage from Mr. Choi.
Give it to me.
Mr. Choi...
did something terrible.
He used a delusional man as his pawn...
to hold a press conference.
Then he fabricated the proof of a tragedy...
in which over 190 people died or got hurt.
Cha Hong Joo...
You're here, Hong Joo.
You didn't answer my calls.
You didn't answer my calls either...
until this afternoon.
Have a seat.
Still,
I prepared a glass...
and waited for you.
- Mr. Joo. - I said, sit down.
Mr. Joo.
Hong Joo.
It's Hyun Ki.
It's time you call me by my name.
Especially today,
I'd like you to call me by my name.
Never mind.
That was too much like a loser.
It's not right to force you to call me that way...
because I know your weakness.
My bad.
Until when will you pretend?
That's enough.
Me? Pretend to what?
Pretending to be foolish.
I know you're acting like a fool.
Stop it now, Mr. Joo.
Shall I?
Shall I, Hong Joo?
Then I should stop this too.
Pretending to like you.
I...
think...
I do like you though.
When I found out...
that you gave my stuff to Choi Kang Woo,
I realized it.
I didn't hate you or feel resentful,
but my heart...
My heart ached so much.
I thought I must be crazy.
And...
I slapped my cheek several times that night.
That's enough. Don't say any more.
I'm not here to listen to such stuff.
It's not time for that.
It is, Hong Joo.
Because I like you,
I want to give your father a chance.
What chance?
A chance to confess.
Confess what?
To the murder. Your father killed my father.
What brings you here at this hour?
What are you doing here...
until this late at night?
There are bugs,
so I'm spraying pesticides on the trees.
It was around here, right?
Where Chairman Joo...
collapsed two years ago.
Do you have...
anything...
to do with his death?
Hong Joo.
Do you...
remember this tree?
Your mother...
picked this up on a street,
and it grew this tall.
You hated it...
because she got what someone else threw out.
I thought you got rid of it.
She said I wasn't the Cha Joon Kyu from...
the shantytown,
rejecting all those good trees...
imported from abroad.
She said she owned only two things...
in this palace-like house.
She thought...
only you and this tree...
were hers.
Dad.
Jung Pil, that punk,
kicked...
this tree with his foot.
Thank you for the 30 million dollars...
last time.
I'm sorry,
but I'd like you to lend me about 10 million more.
You can do that, right?
He took my 30 million and played innocent.
He wanted 10 million more.
He came to borrow money,
but he kicked...
the tree shamelessly.
I held it in. I really did.
I think my son likes your daughter.
And Hong Joo, that punk...
mentioned about you.
That his son,
the despicable scum,
liked you.
That the daughter of a man...
from the shantytown dared seduce the man...
from a family that'd been rich from generations.
He said...
I should consider the 10 million dollars...
as a dowry for him to accept you in his family.
So...
what did you do?
I sprayed pesticides...
on an insect.
Hey, you...
Whenever he talked to me,
he brought up that shantytown.
He said one's origin couldn't be helped.
I wonder how his face will change...
if the man from the shantytown takes over JH.
I can't wait to see it in the afterlife.
Joo Hyun Ki knows it all.
Everything.
He wants to give you a chance...
to confess your sin.
Did you...
hear it from him and came to see me?
So that's what he wanted.
He wanted to put us apart.
So...
what do you think?
Are you...
disappointed in me?
Should I...
confess?
No.
Don't even think about it.
I'm sorry I'm calling you at this hour, Chief On.
It's urgent.
(Vice President)
The legal affairs manager urgently wants to...
What's the matter?
People from Special Investigation Team Two...
are coming upstairs with a confiscation warrant.
What?
Close the doors, Secretary Han.
Stop them.
What are you doing? Clean out already.
Yes, sir.
Gosh.
Stop it now. If you don't,
we'll arrest you for destroying evidence.
My expensive laptop is broken.
I'm just upset.
We're from Special Investigation Team Two.
We'll start...
searching and seizing your office...
for embezzlement and malpractice.
Go ahead.
Search every corner.
- Yes, sir. - Yes, sir.
Search everywhere.
- This way. - Here.
Okay, sir.
- Seize everything. - Yes, sir.
Don't miss anything.
Yes, sir.
Pack these.
Let's hurry up.
- Yes, sir. - Yes, sir.
I didn't think you'd come to me right away.
Shouldn't you go home?
It must be a mess over there.
You asked the prosecutors...
to find the insurance and the black box.
You betrayed me.
Cha Hong Joo.
I am...
quite hurt.
Is that so? That's good.
It's about time that you got hurt.
It can't always be me.
What?
JH801, Choi Kang Woo.
You even brought up my father.
You kept agitating me.
That's because...
I was frustrated that you had no clue.
No.
It's a bad habit of an immature person.
It's because I liked you.
How dare you...
say that?
(Taeyang Insurance)
Mr. Joo.
I detest you and your family...
to death.
Shall I tell you how much I detest you?
I'll hold a special meeting with stockholders.
You can be arrested for embezzlement,
and the management can be arrested anytime.
We should do something about it.
You came up with a great plot, Hong Joo.
Good job.
Don't compliment me.
Leave.
Okay, I'm leaving.
Don't try to stop me.
Chief On.
You pressured the Department...
of Transport to let JH air increase their flights.
I can erase the record for you.
If you do that, what will you take in return?
Mr. Choi gave you the black box, right?
Give that to me.
Mr. Choi did something terrible.
He used a delusional man as his pawn...
to hold a press conference.
Then he fabricated the proof of a tragedy...
in which over 190 people died or got hurt.
Gosh, Hong Joo is impressive.
She's very impressive.
Today at 11am,
Seoul Prosecutors' Office Special Team Two...
seized and searched the main office and house...
of JH Group Vice President Joo Hyun Ki.
It was to investigate the matters...
related to embezzlement.
With the help of detectives,
the prosecutors found Mr. Joo's personal...
notes, accounting records, and hard disks.
The prosecutors will change Mr. Joo's...
status as a suspect for investigation.
Prosecutors' Office Special Team Two...
works for Chief On, right?
Chief On is onto something.
Did they even search the vice president's home?
They're searching for...
the insurance contract and black box.
Chairman Cha is thorough.
No.
Cha Hong Joo is behind this.
The Insurance, black box...
and management of JH Group.
She's definitely after Joo Hyun Ki.
Chairman Cha targets surrounding people first.
He uses the pain of losing someone...
and gets what he wants.
That's why he was after Mr. Kim.
Besides, Mr. Choi pays...
most of his attention to Mr. Kim.
- What? - That's nonsense.
That's enough.
What shall we do, Mr. Choi?
Mad Dog...
will disband.
- What? - Mr. Choi.
Mr. Choi Kang Woo.
The JH Group stockholder meeting...
is scheduled after six weeks.
Good job.
(Few days later)
What about Joo Hyun Ki?
With legal affairs team,
he's doing everything to evade the problem.
Choi Kang Woo.
What's Mad Dog up to?
They've disbanded.
They did?
Mad Dog disbanded?
Choi Kang Woo...
gave the order to disband.
Come on.
We can't disband Mad Dog.
Of course I'm scared too.
Cha Joon Kyu, Cha Hong Joo.
When I saw them messing with Joo Hyun Ki,
I feel...
That's good.
Let's stop it.
Let's quit.
Min Joon.
Who are you to tell me to quit?
What else can we do?
You're trembling with fear.
What?
You're only a kid.
Forget it.
I'm sick of Korea.
Then you should leave.
1 by 1,
people start to look away.
Innocent people...
get hurt or die.
Then they blame it all on my brother.
What kind of country is this?
Are you going to run away?
All of us got involved because of you.
Don't you care...
what happens to us?
You got involved because of me?
That's not true.
You decided to get involved...
because you trusted him.
Blame yourself for making the decision.
Demand Mr. Choi to take responsibility.
I can't hold it any longer.
How dare you blame him?
Hey, you.
You can't blame him for this.
Park Soon Jung.
Are you sure nothing is wrong with you?
You always obey...
everything that he says.
I shouldn't blame him?
He's not responsible?
Act your age.
You punk.
You're about to hit me. I'm scared.
Fine, it's all my fault.
It's my fault, and I'm responsible.
Keep being blind.
Keep living that way for your whole life.
You punk.
- Why you... - Park Soon Jung.
What are you doing?
Come to your senses.
Don't fall for him...
and be fickle all the time.
Stay focused.
What? You're out of your mind.
Darn it.
Lower your eyes now.
Goodness. Get lost.
Darn it.
Hey.
Come here.
You punk.
How dare you punch me?
You annoying brat.
I just always...
wanted to knock you out.
You punk.
Hit me.
Stop, that hurts.
How dare you hit me?
Goodness, please stop them.
How dare you?
Stop!
Get lost.
Mr. Choi.
- Mr. Choi. - We're going to stop.
So get lost!
Come here.
How dare you?
How can I believe this?
Where's Choi Kang Woo?
What is he up to now?
He travels to fishing spots.
He's fishing.
Fishing?
Jan Gebauer.
What about Kim Min Joon?
Kim Min Joon...
spends time with people at bars.
Either he drinks...
or seduces women.
He's drunk every night.
Any good clubs in Seoul?
There's so many.
Girls will dig you.
Do you want to join and hang out with us tonight?
This is on me.
- Shall we go now? - Sure.
Sure. Hey.
Thank you.
What about Jang Ha Ri?
She repairs cars at a friend's garage.
The battery looks fine.
The car makes noise because...
of the engine belt problem.
Do you see how it's cracked?
- Yes. - And...
You should...
change the bearings too.
Okay. Please do that.
Okay, sir.
Thank you.
Her dad used to run a garage.
What about Park Soon Jung?
He got a job as a nurse at a hospital.
Hello.
Hi.
Gosh.
He looks like an abalone.
Hey.
Please forgive her.
I'm sorry, sir.
It's okay.
Abalone?
They must be up to something.
Have our people watch them and...
(Chief On Joo Sik)
Wait a minute.
Yes, Chief On.
Director Cha.
How are you taking care of things?
What do you mean?
The insurance and black box are...
nowhere to be found.
I don't think they exist.
It's just words.
I'll have to think again about this.
I'm sorry.
I'll make sure...
What's the problem, ma'am?
The insurance and black box are...
in Hyun Ki's hands.
I'll find them, ma'am.
[VIU Ver] E13 Mad Dog "Show"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Manager Lee.
What brings you here?
Are you here to see the vice president?
No. I'm here to see you.
I have something...
I want to ask you.
Ask me?
About what?
Look who it is.
Sir.
It's JH's previous legal affairs manager,
and Taeyang's current legal affairs manager,
Lee Young Ho.
We meet again, Vice President Joo.
Right. I keep bumping into you unexpectedly.
Police station. JH building.
Why are you here today?
I was...
I was happy to see Mr. Han.
I see.
Don't be happy to see him.
He's my secretary.
Quickly go back to...
the burning Taeyang,
Mr. Lee Young Ho.
See you next time.
Secretary Han.
Mad Dog...
will...
- disband. - What?
- Kang Woo. - Mr. Choi.
We'll disband.
You'll disperse their attention.
Then I'll get a bait.
Will they believe that we disbanded?
First, we'll start a dog fight.
Hey. I'll kill you, punk.
How dare you hit my face!
You punk.
Die, you stupid punk.
Try me.
Hey.
How dare you!
Come here.
Hey!
- How dare you! - Why you...
Stop!
You piece of...
- Get lost. - Mr. Choi.
Kang Woo.
I won't do this anymore.
So get lost!
Well...
Gosh.
What are you looking at? Bloodsucker.
There.
What about after the dog fight?
Soon Jung will get a job as a nurse.
What? Which hospital?
Noo Ri is there.
(Kanghae Hospital)
Hello.
Hi.
Gosh.
He looks like an abalone.
Hey. Please forgive her.
I'm sorry, sir.
It's okay.
(Intensive care unit)
1301.
- What about me? - Work at a garage.
This place is owned by someone you know, right?
It's run by the vice president...
of my car club.
Ms. Jang is the president.
Why this place?
Mr. Lee is a regular there.
Look after his car.
The car makes noise because...
of the engine belt problem.
- Okay. - And...
You should...
change the bearings too.
Okay. Please do that.
Okay, sir.
Then what should I do?
Drink and have fun with ladies.
What?
Why are you answering to that?
I like that. I like that a lot, Mr. Choi.
Have a lot of fun with this person especially.
Is she pretty?
Let's see.
What? It's a guy.
Any good clubs in Seoul?
There are so many.
Girls will dig you.
Do you want to join and hang out with us?
This one's on me.
Shall we go now?
- Sure. - Hey.
I'm so jealous.
Can't I go there?
Places like that are expensive. You got money?
You can give me your card.
But you have an ugly face.
Hey. Look closely.
Hey, Ha Ri. Are you saying that I'm handsome?
No, you look interesting.
Interesting? How?
Interesting-looking Mr. Kim.
Can you run an errand...
while you are out for a drink?
What errand?
Get the list of Taeyang's insurance planners...
and send it to my friend.
Why do you need a list of insurance planners?
Taeyang and JH.
It's not a simple insurance company...
and subscriber relationship.
Hong Joo was taken aback when I...
brought up corporate succession.
The two companies are in a complicated situation.
Corporate succession. Is it something like that?
Wait.
Reporter Bang told me...
that they acquired the last seven percent...
to secure Vice President Joo's succession...
recently.
How much do you think you need to get...
the seven percent of JH's stock?
10 million dollars.
Where do you think they got that money?
A company with a complicated situation.
Taeyang Insurance?
They couldn't have handed the money in daylight...
because there are too many eyes.
They must've needed...
a bank account to launder money.
Taeyang insurance planners' bank accounts.
Where can I get the list of the insurance planners?
Moo Shin will download it and put it in...
Professor Byeon's cafe.
- Black coffee, please. - Okay.
How is it going, newbie?
Newbie?
I was a newbie at your dance club.
Not that.
You're a Mad Dog newbie.
Me? No, I'm not.
We have buy 1 get 1 free promotion.
Thank you, Professor Byeon.
Newbie.
You should take some vitamin D.
Your face is pale like white flour.
You have weak bones and no muscles, right?
Do you want to see?
I don't have to. I can tell you're thin.
Don't forget to take this.
Please...
take good care of Kang Woo.
Why would I take care of him?
Yes, sir.
I'll take good care of him.
Good.
All right.
Sending the list of insurance planners...
(Sender: Jan Gebauer)
to Lee Kyung Sun.
Thank you for coming all the way here,
Kyung Sun.
Don't mention it, Mr. Choi.
I checked the list you sent to me.
I brought them with me first.
Mr. Oh Han Seol has been the top planner...
for 10 years in Gangwon Province.
Ms. Park Ho Jung is the top planner...
in Gyeongsang Province.
Ms. Kang Sun Sook is the top planner...
in Jeolla and Chungcheong Province.
Among the planners in the list,
Taeyang has borrowed a total of...
87 planners' names for bank accounts.
35 of them reside in Gyeonggi and Incheon.
The amount is 3.6 million dollars.
15 of them reside in Gangwon,
and the amount is 1.7 million dollars.
16 of them reside in Gyeongsang,
and the amount is 2.3 million dollars.
21 of them reside in Jeolla and Chungcheong,
and the amount is 2.4 million dollars.
When was the money deposited and transferred?
Within a month.
It means they made 10 million dollars...
in a month and bought the shares of JH Group.
About the shares they bought with the money...
from the borrowed-name bank accounts,
they're under the planners' names too.
They shouldn't sell the shares as they want?
They could be charged for violating...
the Real Name Financial Transaction Law.
What should we do then?
Everyone's not feeling good about this.
They can't do this with others' names.
Planners in my district are very upset too.
They're thinking of protesting.
Do protest.
But not against Taeyang.
Do it against those who will actually listen.
Gosh.
Are you okay?
I'm having a sudden stomachache.
Return to your ward, and I'll call the doctor.
No, I mean a toilet.
Go to the toilet in your ward.
It's urgent.
I think it'll be quite loud.
I don't want others to hear me do my business.
Come on.
Stop it. It's gross.
You look like abalone.
Abalone?
Nurse Oh.
Let's hurry.
The operating room needs us now.
We don't have time.
Wait a second.
Pentium, do you think you can run?
My wound...
Well...
If you act like you didn't see this just once,
we'll...
Return to your ward.
I knew it.
I shouldn't do this in a sacred place.
Guys.
- Yes, sir. - Yes, sir.
Who are you?
I'm going to take my friend, Pentium,
no matter what happens today.
Cheetah.
You must've led a fine life.
You need absolute rest in the hospital.
Why don't you just let us go, fellows?
An arrest warrant will be issued...
in the Seoul Prosecutors' Office tomorrow morning.
Okay. You may go out now.
The insurance policy...
and black box footage are still in my hands,
but they'll proceed?
Hong Joo.
Do you really want me to go crazy...
and go down with you?
(Joo Hyun Ki)
How long do we have left...
until the arrest warrant is issued?
It'll be issued tomorrow morning.
I hope it's issued soon.
I don't want to see his name on my phone anymore.
(Chief On Joo Sik)
(Cha Hong Joo)
So you're saying...
that I've stepped in the wrong direction?
You knew that the illegal funds...
were used for the succession...
of JH Group, right?
Here's...
the evidence.
(Borrowed Name Bank Accounts)
Chairman Cha...
created a slush fund...
and committed embezzlement and malpractice.
You want me to take down Chairman Cha first?
Why?
There's a proper order for everything, you see.
What if I turn...
a blind eye on this?
After 30 minutes,
the real owners...
of those bank accounts...
will report this to each bank...
and freeze the accounts.
So this will be revealed...
even if I ignore it?
Thank you in advance, Chief On.
One more thing.
Yes, Chief On.
What? Let him go?
Yes, sir.
He wants us to let you go.
My father does?
We're free to go?
Guys.
- Yes, sir. - Yes, sir.
Is the warrant issued?
Yes, sir.
It is issued, but...
Chairman Cha.
We're from Special Investigation Team Two.
We'll proceed search and seizure for violating...
Real Name Financial Transaction Law,
Procedure for Punishment of Tax Evaders Act,
and Framework Act on Employment Policy,
and for embezzlement and malpractice.
What are you doing?
This isn't the right target.
Chief On,
you didn't have to come all the way here.
I came here myself because I wanted to...
show respect.
Chairman Cha.
Will you go down with handcuffs on...
or on a wheelchair?
Hong Joo.
Go find a wheelchair.
Earlier this morning, the chairman...
of the biggest insurance company, Taeyang,
appeared for questioning the prosecutors' office.
Chairman Cha was on a wheelchair...
and entered the office for investigation...
without giving any answer to reporters' questions.
He looks very ill.
Nice move.
You took down Chairman Cha first,
and now, who's next?
Mr. Choi.
- Let us pass through. - Please say a word.
Please make way.
Do you admit to your charges?
Here's a special meal for you.
Come on.
It's abalone.
Mr. Kim.
You changed everything on the computer.
There's no need to complain.
It'll be convenient once you get used to it.
No way. Do you want to bet?
A bet?
We put a leash on...
Cha Joon Kyu.
What's his daughter up to?
She's entering a restaurant.
Did people from the Department of Transport...
arrive as well?
They arrived 30 minutes earlier.
Have you got acquainted with them?
I have, but they drive me crazy.
They talk too much.
They complain about calls from Director Cha.
We got to know them well.
They told us their meeting time and place.
Mr. Kim tends to grope.
Grope?
Are you saying that I'm touching you?
You startled me.
Mind your own business.
He was being touchy-feely on a street last time.
Touchy-feely?
I won't let him get away with this.
It's nice to meet you.
I'm Cha Hong Joo from Taeyang Insurance.
I'm Cho Sung Ho from...
International Air Transport Division.
There's so many.
I'm Park Dong Chul...
from Air Industry Division.
Okay. Please do that.
December 13, 2014.
Employees who permitted...
the increase of Juhan Air's flights.
Cho Sung Ho, Park Dong Chul.
It's Cha Hong Joo's last card...
to pressure Chief On.
Cha Hong Joo.
Joo Hyun Ki.
You killed my family...
by crashing Flight 801.
They blamed everything...
on Min Joon's brother, Kim Bum Joon.
I will arrest you...
no matter what.
You just wait.
(Mad Dog)
Where is Chief On?
Is it my father's fault?
The assailant's family...
doesn't deserve to live.
Your daughter must have been impatient.
You want me...
to do the dirty work instead of your daughter?
Have you decided...
to be on my side?
I can be where I'm today...
thanks to you, Mr. Choi.
Let's turn the table.
We'll take the bait.
Tell me that I did well.
From now on,
watch carefully how I make it happen.